README.md, before:

# 🎣 FishingCab Messenger Widget

The **FishingCab Messenger Widget** is a lightweight, customizable live chat solution designed for websites that want instant communication with their visitors. With **zero server load** and ultra‑fast delivery via **jsDelivr CDN** and **Cloudflare**, you can enable live chat in just **one minute**. Best of all, the widget is **open source**, ensuring transparency and allowing developers worldwide to contribute.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

👉 [Try the Messenger Widget in action](https://fishingcab.com/Widgets/get_messenger)  

See how quickly you can customize and activate live chat on your own site.

---

## 🚀 Features

- ⚡ **Instant Activation**: Get your live chat widget running in under 60 seconds.
- 🌐 **Zero Server Load**: Delivered via CDN, your hosting resources remain untouched.
- 🎨 **Customizable Design**: Adjust accent colors, text colors, backgrounds, and button styles to match your brand.
- 🔓 **Open Source**: Full source code available here for review, customization, and volunteer contributions.
- 📈 **Scalable**: Trusted by users globally, with millions of conversations already handled.
- 🛡 **Secure**: Built with modern web standards, including CAPTCHA verification to prevent spam.

---

## 🛠 How It Works

1. **Customize Your Widget**  
   Choose accent colors, text styles, and button designs.

2. **Enter Your Email & Website**  
   Your site is automatically whitelisted for updates.

3. **Get Your Code**  
   Copy the generated script and paste it into your site.

4. **Start Chatting**  
   Enable live chat instantly with no server overhead.

---

## 📦 Installation

Add the following snippet to your website before the closing `</body>` tag:

```html
<script>
  fc_widget_id = "YOUR_WIDGET_ID";
</script>
<script async src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/shonirits/fishingcab@main/widgets/chat-min.js"></script>

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and additional resources
Updated the description to emphasize privacy and customization features, and added links for demo, source code, customization, and LinkedIn.

README.md, after:

# 🎣 FishingCab Messenger Widget

**FishingCab Messenger Widget** is a modern, lightweight, and fully customizable live chat solution for websites that want to enable instant communication with their visitors. Designed with privacy-first architecture and zero server load, it delivers seamless performance through jsDelivr CDN and Cloudflare.

Setup takes less than one minute, and the widget automatically adapts to your site’s theme for a native look and feel. As an open-source project, it ensures transparency, flexibility, and invites contributions from developers worldwide to enhance and extend its capabilities.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

👉 [Try the Messenger Widget in action](https://fishingcab.com/Widgets/get_messenger)  

See how quickly you can customize and activate live chat on your own site.

---

## 🚀 Features

- ⚡ **Instant Activation**: Get your live chat widget running in under 60 seconds.
- 🌐 **Zero Server Load**: Delivered via CDN, your hosting resources remain untouched.
- 🎨 **Customizable Design**: Adjust accent colors, text colors, backgrounds, and button styles to match your brand.
- 🔓 **Open Source**: Full source code available here for review, customization, and volunteer contributions.
- 📈 **Scalable**: Trusted by users globally, with millions of conversations already handled.
- 🛡 **Secure**: Built with modern web standards, including CAPTCHA verification to prevent spam.

---

## 🛠 How It Works

1. **Customize Your Widget**  
   Choose accent colors, text styles, and button designs.

2. **Enter Your Email & Website**  
   Your site is automatically whitelisted for updates.

3. **Get Your Code**  
   Copy the generated script and paste it into your site.

4. **Start Chatting**  
   Enable live chat instantly with no server overhead.

---

## 📦 Installation

Add the following snippet to your website before the closing `</body>` tag:

```html
<script>
  fc_widget_id = "YOUR_WIDGET_ID";
</script>
<script async src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/shonirits/fishingcab@main/widgets/chat-min.js"></script>

```

## 📢 Much More....

👉 Watch the demo video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUgY7Fw9DTk

👉 Explore the source code on GitHub: https://github.com/shonirits/fishingcab

👉 Customize your own Messenger Widget: https://fishingcab.com/Widgets/get_messenger

👉 Connect with me on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shoaib-munir-49663235b/
